{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shortest root:\
\
Open closet\
Take Wrench\
East\
Get in Centrifuge\
South\
East\
Talk to Greg\
Take master key\
West\
Unlock Cage with Key\
Open Cage\
Take Space suit\
East\
Talk to Greg\
South\
Fix Valve\
North\
Talk to Greg\
Take Launch Command\
South\
West\
Up\
Pull launching lever\
Down\
Open Cabinet\
Take Shovel\
Take Flag\
West\
West\
Down\
Open Hole\
Put flag in Hole\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 How well does the game accomplish what you set out to do?\
	I think that this game sets out exactly what I wanted to do which was create a game that was more complex than my mini-game that had a cohesive story. In this game I wanted to make it big with lots of areas and things to explore. I also really liked the scoring system in my first game, so I implemented it in here, making everything being worth points. I really enjoyed making this game, especially since it challenged me in different parts to learn new things.\
\
Discuss a time when you got stuck, and how you got unstuck.\
	One time that I was stuck, was when I tried to get the player from one section of the map (Earth) to another (Space) without having to go there physically. I was stuck because I tried to make pulling the launching lever an out of world action to move the player to the space section so I couldn't get back. This didn't work, so I asked Mrs. Kiang for help, and she taught me how to do the "instead of" command and the simple command of "now player is in flight deck", which solved my problems.\
\
Describe each of the required three puzzles in your game and how to solve each puzzle.\
	My first puzzle is getting past the Hatch that blocks the entrance between the training and storage rooms. To solve this puzzle you have to read the descriptions of the room very carefully to see that getting in the centrifuge is a requirement of astronauts. After getting in the centrifuge and spinning around, the hatch unlocks.\
	My Second Puzzle was fixing the Valve to get the Launch command. To solve it, all you have to do is type "fix valve" in the Launch Pad, but there is a condition. If you don't have the wrench from the first room, it tells you to go find a tool, but otherwise it fixes the valve and lets you continue on your mission.\
	My third Puzzle is on the moon, where you have to dig a hole with your shovel in order to plant the russian flag. To solve it you have to obtain the shovel and dig a hole before you can put the flag into it, and win the game.\
\
Discuss the gameplay mechanics in your game and how they improve the user's experience.\
	One of the key elements in my game is lots of scenery. In my code, I created a vast amount of things to explore that can help give details about who you are and what is your purpose. I put many extras and references in my game such as the meteor that hit russia to give the player a sense of realism. Mostly all of the things in my game are examinable and this makes the player want to find out the truth about the character.\
	Another mechanic I implemented was score. By examining everything, and doing actions, the player can increase their score. You can beat the game without scoring, but it offers an extra challenge to see how high you can get. Overall, I think that there are 55 points possible.\
\
Discuss the beta testing process: Who tested your game? \
	Logan Moss and Mr. Kiang both tested my game. This helped me because Logan played on my computer, so I was able to see the commands that he tried to do that didn't work and the things I needed to improve on. Logan's beta testing was also helpful because he wrote comments while playing the game on things that I could fix. Mr. Kiang's beta test helped me because as he would play my game, he would call me up with questions about something, or comments of things that needed to be improved on, which was very useful.\
\
How did their feedback affect your game? \
	The beta tests affected my game by having me change numerous things. In my game I had some typos and grammatical errors that confused the testers, so I went back and spell checked as well as made sure that everything made sense. Another part of my game that was affected was the Cage in the storage room because you could see through it and see the space suit, but not examine it, so I made it so you had to open the cage to know what was inside. The last part that was affected was the space portion of the Map where I had forgotten to put which directions to go to, even though I had the map.\
\
Whose game did you beta test? \
	I was able to beta test Logan's game about the Mental patient.\
\
What feedback were you able to give?\
	The feedback that I was able to give was about spelling mistakes, and about one of his puzzles. The voice activation was very difficult to solve even after he gave me a hint, so I recommended that he make it easier.\
\
What are you most proud of?\
	I am most proud of how much time I spent on my game. I spent a lot of time trying to make things work as well as putting detailed descriptions in. I think that my hard work really paid off, creating a game with lots of things to explore.\
\
What would you do differently next time?\
	Next time, I would try to add some more complicated puzzles and game mechanics. I would also try to add more alternate endings, and maybe an equip system where you can put gear on which changes your stats.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
*note: Did you get my game title reference to the James Bond Movie?\
}